YouTube YouTube YouTube boy grab some
good news for y'all I got accepted into
Southern Polytechnic State University
and that's my number one college I
wanted to go to so bigger say that man
I'm going to college it's official
your boys ain't going to college well I
love computers and also I'm really
really really looking at computer
engineering I know I keep going back and
forth but southern poly they have a real
good engineering program and they have a
whole lot of engineering degrees that
they give out so I'm really really
looking forward to that so I'm looking
at computer engineering since I love
being on the internet and I love
computers period I love to learn how to
make one and plus hey ain't ain't mad at
the green they make neither so that
makes it all the better but it was a
couple of things I wanted to go through
in this video so of course I had to
write this one down Oh
besides the college um I got a real real
really really nice summer job in ATL
this summer so bigger city um it's like
this program that the Mayor of Atlanta
does for all high school seniors are
graduating high school seniors so since
I'm a senior not they can hook me up
with a nice job and I'm telling you they
get paid like my big brother
um did it one summer he got paid over
like $2,000 and one summer so you know
I'm definitely gonna spend a little
money on that you know going to going
towards this uh this college look I'm
trying to achieve you know because I'm
trying to cut out all the banging myths
and all that like that's not really a
good look I'm trying to look
professional cause trust me like these
dress y'all seeing how my brother cut
him off like these dress already a
strike against me a big strike against
me so the best I can do is lighten up my
pen
the best I can so I'm definitely gonna
do that torch you know maybe buy a
couple mo uh couple more polos or just
button-up shirts you know just fitting
jeans and maybe some Sperry shoes if
y'all know what that is so big up say
that summer dropping ATL when he working
all summer HC I love being a learner
it's the place to be for real but the
thing is man these girl with these
attitudes man he's 80 degrees got some
attitudes on some fold like it but man I
ain't for that at all so that was next
subject on my last subject was a video
request and this video wrote request was
from the Risha our art and basically um
she says she plays basketball with her
husband and she wanted me to you know do
a video on how to you know how to keep a
twist and what you do with your hair
when you're playing basketball all right
for me
oh yeah matter of fact got my hair
little pony chest y'all can check this
out real quick clean little ponytail I'm
telling you just hang on what's pointing
to getting serious man for real
check it out oh yeah give y'all the
right side it's getting serious man it's
getting serious and check out the line
up to check me out check me out did the
line up yesterday
oh yeah so on that's a video question
all right for women what I recommend for
y'all I had a Oh people a headband y'all
know how I just put it around your
hairline so soak up the sweat so I mean
it's not unless you can really do but
what I do when I play basketball is like
I just
half of the edge putting the half 1/2 I
just had these in the back just hang it
down so that's how I play basketball um
another thing she said is how to keep up
twist um one thing I'm bout to start
doing is interlocking I'm about to start
interlocking the first two rows of my
hair because interlocking this stays and
way longer than you know a regular reach
was done so I'm really looking at that
and I'm just really looking at that and
I think that'd be a good look plus I
mean it's only two rows so you know it
ain't too much to worry about but I
don't think I'll enter like my whole
head that's just too much but look at
that I'm locking your first two rows so
your hair will look fresh and you can't
sweat it out it's like you're like you
going here if y'all know who shot you
like sis I'm referring you out of him go
check him out um another thing another
question people ask me is how I get this
tapered on my hairline people is a long
story when I was growing up my effort
when I was first growing out my afro
my brother he would uh line me up and he
would go back too far and that hair
never grew back so I'm just left with
the taper so I used to say I was Sol but
hey it's working for me now I know how
to line it up and everything so yeah I
guess that's pretty much it man I do
read your comments I do I do I do i read
all y'all coming each and every comment
don't be afraid to leave a comment on a
video request or something like that
what you want me to make a video about
you got questions ask me I make a video
about it I'm just rambling appreciate
job